Total number of articles: 20

Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Haje Jan Kamps
Category: Startups
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/as-a-founder-how-do-you-address-climate-change/
Title: As a founder, how do you address climate change?
Content: Welcome to Startups Weekly. Sign up here to get it in your inbox every Friday.
It’s sometimes hard to remember that, as a startup founder, you have influence over aspects of your business that you wouldn’t have if you were a cog in a giant machine somewhere. In one of my past companies, we went very far out of our way to ensure that our packaging was fully biodegradable, but still a lot of fun. In another, we ensured that all our server use was carbon-offset. In a third, we had regular standups and brainstorms to figure out how we could have less of an impact on our planet.
All of which is to say: As a startup founder, you have a beautiful luxury. You are the master of your destiny, and your passions and interests get to be those of your startup. The inverse is also true: If you don’t care about climate change, diversity, or equality, your company as a whole is a lot less likely to make those topics a priority.
One way that this is showing up for me is that, even if you have money to spend, it’s really hard to find genuinely high-quality products that will last you a lifetime. The Sam Vimes “boots” theory of socioeconomic unfairness, often called simply the “boots theory” popularized by Terry Pratchett in the Discworld series, speaks to that. And in my column for the week, All products are garbage, and for good reason, I continue the philosophical meandering to see how that might apply to startups, too.
In other news, it caused some nervous giggles in the TechCrunch newsroom that Connie’s promotion was scooped by Axios, but I respect a good scoop, and so I am begrudgingly linking to our arch-enemy’s coverage of our leadership change. Of course, we wrote some ourselves, too: Panzer’s retrospective of his decade in the Big Chair at TechCrunch and Connie’s cigar-puffing reception of the proverbial editorial baton.
Image Credits: Pixabay (opens in a new window) under a CC0 (opens in a new window) license.
Mergers and acquisitions are a crucial part of the startup ecosystem: Acquisitions are one of two ways (the other being an IPO) that startups can get a liquidity event, or an “exit,” as they are often called. It’s pretty rare that a startup goes on an 80-mom-and-pop buying spree, but that’s the phenomenon our new editor in chief Connie sniffed out this week.
Apropos IPOs, we have our first Big Tech IPO of the year, and Alex and Mary Ann dove into Instacart’s S-1 document to see what they could learn. (TC+)
The other big public listing recently was Better.com, which went public through a SPAC. It didn’t go super well, and the stock took a dramatic nosedive.
Big rounds in trouble: Anna and Alex took a look at the new valuation norms and explored just how sharply the late-stage market is on pace to contract this year. In summary: The late-stage venture market is crumbling, but maybe that’s okay?
Industrial-scale angel investing: Hustle Fund has been around for a hot minute; it’s doubling down on its mission to build the “YC of angel investing.”
Preparing for battle: Disrupt is just around the corner, and this week, Neesha finally revealed the Startup Battlefield 200 companies that are going to be at TechCrunch Disrupt 2023.
Image Credits: road-warrior (opens in a new window) / Getty Images
Raising money is a perennial challenge for startups, and it’s one of the topics I spend almost all of my time on. This week, we saw a significant uptick in interest in articles around fundraising, so perhaps there’s a lot of startups that are preparing for the fundraising season that kicks off immediately after Labor Day. So, what’s going on? I took a look at the 5 trends in VC funding for pre-seed startups.
One of the most-read articles on TC+ this week was my own: Never express your ‘use of funds’ slide as percentages. It’s one of the things to keep in mind when you are trying to explain what you are going to do with that fresh money you are in the process of raising. The ‘use of funds’ slide is the part of the narrative that almost every founder gets wrong. The other thing founders screw up is looking at fundraising as unlocking runway. That’s true, but honestly, nobody gives a crap about your runway: If you can hit your milestones in eight to nine months instead of 18, that’s fine. If you need two years to hit your goals, that’s fine too (as long as you don’t run out of cash along the way). In a nutshell: It’s all about milestones.
Incidentally, if you are on the fundraising trail, TechCrunch has an incredible, in-depth guide to almost every aspect of building a deck and getting it in front of investors. You need a TC+ subscription, but honestly, it’s the best $99 you’ll ever spend. Hell, even though I write for TC+ and I could probably get a free subscription, I pay for my own, that’s how much I love it.
Here’s a few other nuggets to take with you on the fundraising trail:
The order matters: But there’s no such thing as a standard order for your slides. Here’s how to prioritize and think about the right order of slides for your story.
Nail your marketing story: Founders, “we haven’t spent a penny on marketing” isn’t the brag you think it is.
Think about your last impression: First impressions matter, but it’s good to remember that you have an opportunity to leave a parting gift, too. Make it count.
Robot DJ. Image Credits: Getty Images/Zinkevych
If you’re the kind of person who marks their calendars for when the new iPhone gets announced, September 12 is it: The iPhone 15 is coming to pockets near you in just a couple of weeks. Maybe we’ll finally get USB-C charging, too, after it was left off the iPhone 14 spec, much to my ever-lasting chagrin. Pixel fans have to wait an additional three weeks or so: Google’s Pixel 8 event is set for October 4.
Audeze makes high-end gaming and audio production headphones, and it seems like Sony’s PlayStation division took note: Sony is buying Audeze, the company confirmed to Brian this week. Sony is also in the news because it finally made the $200 PlayStation Portal in-home handheld official, after a few false starts.
Sure, you can open up our gadgets: Brian reports that Apple lends support to California’s Right to Repair bill, penning a letter to California state senator Susan Talamantes Eggman, including “Apple supports California’s Right to Repair Act so all Californians have even greater access to repairs while also protecting their safety, security, and privacy.”
Welcome to retirement — here’s your companion robot: ElliQ is a desktop home robot designed to serve as a kind of robotic companion for elderly users. The company behind the friendly-looking companion just raised another $25 million in funding.
Walmart succeeding where Amazon fails: Amazon continues to stumble with its drone delivery attempts, so no doubt Walmart is smugly doing a little victory dance as it adds Wing drone deliveries to some Superstores this year.
Another Indian unicorn: Manish reports that Zepto becomes India’s first 2023 unicorn with $200 million fresh funding.
Moar Face Hugging dollars: Trust me, that headline is weird to everyone. Nonetheless, Hugging Face raises $235 million from investors, including Salesforce and Nvidia.
Set your alarm, we’re going on a trip: Flight prices fluctuate throughout the day and week, and Google Flights will now tell you when it’s the cheapest time to book.
Join 10,000 startup leaders in San Francisco at TechCrunch Disrupt on September 19–21. Last-minute passes are still available. Save 15% with code STARTUPS. Register now!


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Lauren Simonds
Category: Startups
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/meet-google-jpmorgan-mastercard-deepbrain-ai-and-more-at-tc-disrupt-2023/
Title: Meet Google, JPMorgan, Mastercard, DeepBrain AI and more at TC Disrupt 2023
Content: TechCrunch Disrupt 2023 kicks off in just two weeks, and we can’t wait to meet you there! This is the startup world’s main event, and it’s where you’ll find the knowledge, tools and connections you need to grow a successful business.
Helping startups reach their full potential takes a global village, and we could not bring you this world-class event without our world-class partners. Take advantage of the opportunity to leverage the expertise and resources of some of tech’s leading companies. Their participation elevates, engages and supports early-stage founders.
Last chance to save: Buy your pass by September 15 at 11:59 p.m. PDT, and you’ll save up to $400. Why pay more?
Take a look at the latest group of companies ready to help you move your startup to the next level. Here’s what they’re doing and where you’ll find them.
Pro tip: Some of them appear in multiple categories.
Can’t get enough? Take a look at the partner announcements we made in April, May, June and August.
TechCrunch Disrupt 2023 takes place September 19–21, and our partners will help make it the biggest and best one yet. Take advantage of your last ticket sale opportunity. Buy your pass by September 15 at 11:59 p.m. PDT and save up to $400.
Is your company interested in sponsoring or exhibiting at TechCrunch Disrupt 2023? Contact our sponsorship sales team by filling out this form.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Aria Alamalhodaei
Category: Space
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/apple-backed-globalstar-inks-64m-launch-contract-with-spacex/
Title: Apple-backed Globalstar inks $64M launch contract with SpaceX
Content: Globalstar, a satellite network operator backed by Apple, has purchased launches from SpaceX worth $64 million, according to regulatory filings.
The launches, which are scheduled for 2025, will send at least 17 new satellites to low Earth orbit to replenish Globalstar’s existing constellation. Globalstar entered into a $327 million purchase agreement with MDA for those satellites in February last year, with Rocket Lab acting as subcontractor supplying the spacecraft chassis.
Apple is reimbursing Globalstar for 95% of the capital expenditures related to the satellites, including the launch costs. The consumer hardware giant also agreed to provide $252 million in funding for the upfront costs associated with replenishing the satellite constellation, as well as money to improve the satellite operator’s ground station network.
In return, Apple said it would use 85% of Globalstar’s network capacity to provide emergency satellite connectivity for iPhones outside of cellular networks.
The new contract reflects the near-monopoly SpaceX currently holds on orbital launches. SpaceX is also developing its own “sat-to-cell” plans through its Starlink satellite constellation, making it and Globalstar something of competitors. That competition became stark last year, when SpaceX filed a request with regulators for more spectrum for its Starlink, including portions of the 1.6/2.4 GHz spectrum bands that have been used exclusively by Globalstar.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Harri Weber
Category: Transportation
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/tesla-packs-higher-end-model-s-and-x-features-into-model-3-refresh/
Title: Tesla packs higher-end Model S and X features into Model 3 refresh
Content: 
Tesla (or at least Tesla Europe) is finally ready to talk about its long-awaited, mid-cycle Model 3 refresh.
The revamped vehicle will ship with several features that were previously exclusive to Tesla’s pricier models. Among them: ambient lighting, ventilated seats, claimed range improvements, a streamlined dashboard, an upgraded front touchscreen, the addition of a rear touchscreen and new paint hues, including “ultra red.” Plus, as The Autopian points out, the new Model 3’s front bumper looks a bit less pouty.
A few of Tesla’s changes might also put off some drivers, depending on their tastes for cost-cutting and hyper-minimalism.
For example, Tesla is moving the Model 3’s shifter to the touchscreen, and it’s ditching the turn-signal stalks for steering-wheel buttons. This tracks with earlier “Project Highland” rumors and leaks, which TechCrunch previously covered.
The sportier Model 3 seems to be coming to Europe and the Middle East first; Tesla is already accepting orders for the vehicle via its European websites, with deliveries scheduled to begin in October. The automaker hasn’t said when the vehicle will arrive in the U.S.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Jerel Ezell
Category: Biotech & Health
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/could-ai-be-the-spark-that-ends-the-opioid-epidemic/
Title: Could AI be the spark that ends the opioid epidemic?
Content: The opioid epidemic has had a whack-a-mole kind of complexity, stumping researchers for the better part of two decades, as they’ve attempted to better understand the evolving social and systemic factors that push people to start abusing opioids and also identify potential overdose hot spots.
These woefully tedious and often-flawed efforts all occur as clinicians work to provide safe, effective treatment and other resources to those in the throes of addiction.
As both researchers and clinicians examine the opioid epidemic’s extensive and persistent reach, they are now curiously exploring AI and asking, Could this be the moonshot that ends the opioid epidemic?
Healthcare is not one for hopping on bandwagons, notoriously slow in piloting and implementing new technology. And this tendency is not without consequence. One report suggested that the industry loses over $8.3 billion a year due to being a late or non-adopter of technology like advanced electronic health records.
 

			Public health researchers and biomedical engineers have been quietly cultivating an AI-fused revolution in medicine, with addiction prevention and treatment the newest beneficiary.					


But the opioid epidemic’s tolls are greater than the ones on the ledgers. Going back to 1999, over 1 million people have died due to a drug-related overdose. In 2021, 106,699 drug overdose deaths occurred in America, among the highest per capita volume in the history of the country. Around 75% of all of these overdoses were attributable to the usage of opioids, which includes prescription painkillers like Vicodin and Percocet as well as “street” drugs like heroin.
Despite the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the National Institutes of Health pouring billions of dollars into outreach, education, and prescription monitoring programs, the epidemic has remained stubbornly persistent.
For the past decade, I have been conducting research on the opioid epidemic in rural and urban communities across America, including New York City and rural southern Illinois.
Most in my field agree, albeit reluctantly, that there’s an incredible amount of guesswork involved in identifying the intricate risks that drug users face. Which drugs will they get? Will they inject, snort, or smoke them? Who, if anyone, will they use around, in case they overdose and need help?
That’s not it. Practitioners are also regularly combating idiosyncratic federal and state guidelines on effective treatments for opioid use disorder, like suboxone. And they also find themselves playing catch-up with increasingly unpredictable drug supplies that are contaminated with cheap, synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which is largely responsible for recent surges in opioid-related overdose deaths.
While AI developments like ChatGPT have been what has captured the imagination of most of the public, public health researchers and biomedical engineers have quietly been concocting an AI-fused revolution in medicine, with addiction prevention and treatment the newest beneficiaries.
Innovations in this space primarily use machine learning to identify individuals who may be at risk of developing opioid use disorder, disengaging from treatment, and relapse. For example, researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology recently developed machine-learning techniques to effectively identify individuals on Reddit who were at risk of fentanyl misuse, while other researchers developed a tool for locating misinformation about treatments for opioid use disorder, both of which could allow peers and advocates to intervene with education.
Other AI-fueled programs, such as Sobergrid, are developing the capacity to detect when individuals are at risk of relapsing — for example, based on their proximity to bars — then linking them to a recovery counselor.
The most impactful developments relate to reduction of overdoses, often brought on by mixing drugs. At Purdue University, researchers have developed and piloted a wearable device that can detect signs of overdose and automatically inject an individual with naloxone, an overdose-reversing agent. Another crucial development has been the creation of tools to detect hazardous contaminants in drug supplies, which could radically reduce fentanyl-fueled overdoses.
Despite this immense promise, there are concerns — could facial recognition technology be used to locate people who appear high, leading to discrimination and abuse? Uber already took a step in developing this kind of capacity in 2008, attempting to patent a technology that would detect a drunk passenger.
And what about dis/misinformation, a problem already plaguing chatbots? Might malicious parties embed incorrect information into chatbots to mislead drug users on risks?
Going back to Fritz Lang’s seminal silent film “Metropolis” in 1927, the public has been fascinated by the idea of new, humanlike technology making lives easier and richer. From Stanley Kubrick’s “2001: A Space Odyssey” in 1968 to films like “I, Robot” and “Minority Report” in the early 2000s, though, these wistful visions have slowly morphed into a kind of existential dread.
It will be up to not just researchers and clinicians, but also patients and the broader public to keep AI honest and from turning humanity’s grandest challenges, like the opioid epidemic, into insurmountable ones.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Sarah Perez
Category: Apps
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/xs-privacy-policy-confirms-it-will-use-public-data-to-train-ai-models/
Title: X’s privacy policy confirms it will use public data to train AI models
Content: X’s recently updated privacy policy informed its users it would now collect biometric data as well as users’ job and education history, Bloomberg spotted earlier this week. But it appears that’s not the only thing that X plans to do with user data. According to an update to another section of the policy, the company additionally plans to use the information it collects and other publicly available information to help train its machine learning and AI models, it says.
The change was noticed by Alex Ivanovs of Stackdiary, who has a history of finding notable updates in the terms of service of tech companies, having previously found AI-related updates in Brave and Zoom. His post is now trending on Y Combinator’s discussion forum Hacker News.
Specifically, the X policy change is found in section 2.1 and reads as follows:
We may use the information we collect and publicly available information to help train our machine learning or artificial intelligence models for the purposes outlined in this policy.
As Ivanovs points out, X owner Elon Musk has ambitions to enter the AI market with another company, xAI. This leads him to theorize that Musk likely intends to use X as a source of data for xAI — and perhaps Musk’s recent tweet encouraging journalists to write on X was even an attempt to generate more interesting and useful data to feed into the AI models.
In fact, Musk has previously stated that xAI would use “public tweets” to train its AI models, so this is not much of a leap. He accused other tech giants of leveraging Twitter to train their AI models, even threatening Microsoft with a potential lawsuit for alleged illegal use of Twitter data. Musk also filed suit against unknown entities for scraping Twitter data, which also may have been for the purpose of training artificial intelligence large language models.
In addition, Ivanovs points to to the text on the xAI homepage which states that while it’s a separate company from X Corp., it “will work closely with X (Twitter), Tesla, and other companies to make progress towards our mission.”
Musk essentially confirmed the privacy policy change, responding to a post on X to clarify that the plan is to use “just public data, no DMs or anything private.”
Just public data, not DMs or anything private
— Elon Musk (@elonmusk) August 31, 2023

X no longer responds to press requests with a poop emoji as it had following Musk’s takeover of the social network. Instead, we’ve received an auto-responder that says “We’ll get back to you soon.” If that, indeed, turns out to be true, we’ll add X’s comment.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Alex Wilhelm, 					Anna Heim
Category: Market Analysis
Type: This is a Premium Article, and therefore only displays the first part of the article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/latam-fintech-banking-penetration/
Title: All that fintech investment had a real impact on banking penetration in Latin America
Content: What impact do startups have on the world? Often, a heck of a lot. And when a group of startups works on a similar set of problems, they frequently bring about massive shifts in how day-to-day life is lived. In the case of financial access in Latin America, new data indicates that startups have had a large, and measurable, impact.
As the global venture capital market has contracted, Latin American startups have raised significantly less than they used to compared to other markets that TechCrunch tracks. This is not a new trend by any means, but the figures are stark now that we’re more than halfway through 2023.
The Exchange explores startups, markets and money. 
Read it every morning on TechCrunch+ or get The Exchange newsletter every Saturday.
A new Atlantico report indicates that venture capital volumes (measured in billions of dollars) in Latin America declined 65% in the second quarter of 2023 compared to a year earlier. Notably, that indicates that investment in fintech, the category that has historically attracted the most capital in the region, also declined in the region. 

It is obviously not encouraging that Latin American startups are facing a more severe lack of funding than other markets right now — not all news there is bad, it’s worth noting — but to look at only the bad news of the moment would mean we’re effectively ignoring how much impact startups in the region have had. In particular, we’re talking about the impact of startup investment, fintech and Latin American consumer finance. 

Investors show Latin American fintech startups the money

In Latin America, fintech has long been a sector that startups have loved to tackle. It is not hard to understand why: The region was, and remains, significantly underbanked than many other large countries. In its report, Atlantico compares Latin America to India and the United States, noting that from 2011 to 2017, the rate of bank account penetration in LatAm rose from 39% to 55%. In contrast, India saw penetration soar from 35% to 80% in the same period, while the United States had a more modest 88% to 93% gain.
Things look different after 2017, though. Bank account penetration rose from 55% in Latin America to 74%, while in India, it receded from 80% to 78%.
No national statistic is influenced by a singular factor, so we do not want to overstate the case. But, given how many fintech startups raised money (and the buckets of money investors poured into the sector) in Latin America during the last venture boom, it’s not hard to connect rapidly improving bank account penetration with startup activity over the same period. All that capital had a real impact.

 


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Walter Thompson
Category: Startups
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/techcrunch-roundup-finops-for-all-15-investors-who-are-taking-pitches-steve-blank-on-ai/
Title: TechCrunch+ Roundup: FinOps for all, 15 investors who are taking pitches, Steve Blank on AI
Content: Summer 2023 has been the hottest on record since 1880, but while early-stage founders were sweating over their pitch decks, the investors they hoped to connect with were playing pickleball in Jackson Hole or relaxing poolside with cocktails in Palm Springs.
“People tend to be out of the office longer than usual this time of year,” says Kittu Kolluri, founder and managing director of Neotribe Ventures.
Full TechCrunch+ articles are only available to members.
Use discount code TCPLUSROUNDUP to save 20% off a one- or two-year subscription.
“I suggest reaching out right before Labor Day to set up a meeting in September or wait and start your outreach altogether next month.”
With that in mind, here’s the latest edition of How to Pitch Me, a recurring column that gathers tips, insights and strategies from early-stage investors who are interested in making deals right now.
There’s a lot of actionable advice in here: If you’re wondering how much previous experience with AI investors are looking for, which questions to ask once you’re in the room, or just need a level set on CEO salaries, please read.
Thanks very much to everyone who participated:
Walter Thompson
Editorial Manager, TechCrunch+
How to pitch me: 15 investors talk about what they’re looking for in August 2023

Image Credits: Tanbii (opens in a new window)
Less than a year after raising $1.5 million for biowaste-processing startup Mi Terro, founder Robert Luo landed a $1.5 million pre-seed funding round for Tanbii, a carbon-management platform.
Here’s the winning deck he used:
Pitch Deck Teardown: Tanbii’s $1.5M pre-seed deck

Image Credits: Andriy Onufriyenko (opens in a new window) / Getty Images
The Dutch word gezellig literally means “cozy” or “pleasant,” but because it’s so highly adaptable, it can sometimes be hard to translate.
“FinOps” is similar: The harmonious synthesis of engineering and operations, this new practice seeks to optimize cloud costs and infrastructure.
However, “while most IT leaders genuinely believe that FinOps is the answer to cloud cost complexity, it’s clear there is still a lot left to learn,” writes Kyle Campos, CTO at CloudBolt.
Embrace these FinOps best practices to ace your cloud strategy

To receive the TechCrunch+ Roundup as an email each Tuesday and Friday, scroll down to find the “sign up for newsletters” section on this page, select “TechCrunch+ Roundup,” enter your email, and click “subscribe.”
Image Credits: Nigel Sussman (opens in a new window)
AI-related startups scooped up $40 billion in venture funding in H1 2023, according to PitchBook.
“That’s almost a quarter of all the money invested in that time,” notes Alex Wilhelm, who wondered whether “smaller startups are at an insurmountable disadvantage in the AI race,” given the inherent advantages enjoyed by giants like Salesforce and Microsoft.
The technology’s potential upside is on everyone’s lips, “but I am also worried about who is going to make all the money,” writes Alex.
Will the power of data in the AI era leave startups at a disadvantage?

Image Credits: Bryce Durbin/TechCrunch
Dear Sophie,
Back in 2018, the Cato Institute estimated it would take 151 years for a person born in India to get a green card in the EB-2 category.
How has that changed in the wake of the pandemic, the Great Resignation, and the tech layoffs? How has the EB-1 category changed?
— Living in Limbo
Ask Sophie: What’s the wait time for EB-2 and EB-1 green card categories for those born in India?

Image Credits: Nuthawut Somsuk (opens in a new window) / Getty Images
Despite the downturn, a recent report from DocSend shows a 16% year-over-year increase in the number of pitch decks founders are sharing with investors.
“Pre-seed founders have responded to the investor pullback by creating shorter decks,” says Justin Izzo, the company’s research lead. “They are rearranging the opening slides in ways I hadn’t seen before.”
The average length of a pitch deck has shrunk by nearly 16% over the last year, which “means you have to be very intentional about what to include,” writes Haje Jan Kamps.
That 30-slide deck won’t cut it anymore

Steve Blank as illustrated by MidJourney
Known as the progenitor of the lean startup movement, entrepreneur/educator Steve Blank says generative AI is far more than a typical hype cycle.
Thanks to the “dumb money” investors are slapping down and the tech’s labor-saving potential, “it’s probably increased productivity by 50%, and that’s if you’re using it poorly,” he told TechCrunch+.
“It dawned on me that we’re going to take this whole lean startup pipeline, and if not by the end of this year, certainly in the foreseeable future, that machines will be doing this a lot better than human beings,” Blank said.
Steve Blank: AI will revolutionize the ‘lean startup’

Image Credits: Bryce Durbin / TechCrunch
Previously, climate reporter Tim De Chant interviewed several CEOs and founders of fusion startups to learn more about the challenges facing an industry that could literally transform human civilization.
For part two, he asked seven entrepreneurs about what it will take to make this tech commercially viable:
7 founders explain what fusion power needs to go mainstream



Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Yousuf Khan
Category: Work
Type: This is a Premium Article, and therefore only displays the first part of the article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/questions-for-enterprise-buyers-evaluating-generative-ai/
Title: How to buy an AI solution the right way: 7 questions new customers should consider
Content: AI is poised to become a significant and ubiquitous presence in our lives. It holds tremendous potential value, but we cannot contribute meaningfully to a technology that we do not understand.
When a user sets out to buy a new piece of technology, they’re not particularly interested in what it might be able to do somewhere down the road. A potential user needs to understand what a solution will do for them today, how it will interact with their existing technology stack, and how the current iteration of that solution will provide ongoing value to their business.
But because this is an emerging space that changes seemingly by the day, it can be hard for these potential users to know what questions they should be asking, or how to evaluate products so early in their life cycles.
With that in mind, I’ve provided a high-level guide for evaluating an AI-based solution as a potential customer — an enterprise buyer scorecard, if you will. When evaluating AI, consider the following questions.
Chatbots, for example, perform a very specific function that helps promote individual productivity. But can the solution scale to the point where it is used effectively by 100 or 1,000 people?
The fundamentals of deploying enterprise software still apply — customer success, change management, and ability to innovate within the tool are foundational requirements for delivering continuous value to the business. Don’t think of AI as an incremental solution; think about it as a little piece of magic that completely removes a pain point from your experience.
But it will only feel like magic if you can literally make something disappear by making it autonomous, which all comes back to truly understanding the business problem.
Data security implications around AI are next level and far outstrip the requirements we are used to. You need built-in security measures that meet or exceed your own organizational standards out of the box.
 

			Here’s a high-level guide for evaluating an AI-based solution as a potential customer — an enterprise buyer scorecard, if you will.					


Today, data, compliance, and security are table stakes for any software and are even more important for AI solutions. The reason for this is twofold: First and foremost, machine learning models run against massive troves of data, and it can be an unforgiving experience if that data is not handled with strategic care.
With any AI-based solution, regardless of what it is meant to accomplish, the objective is to have a large impact. Therefore, the audience experiencing the solution will also be large. The way you leverage the data these expansive groups of users generate is very important, as is the type of data you use, when it comes to keeping that data secure.
Second, you need to ensure that whatever solution you have in place allows you to maintain control of that data to continually train the machine learning models over time. This isn’t just about creating a better experience; it’s also about ensuring that your data doesn’t leave your environment.
How do you protect and manage data, who has access to it, and how do you secure it? The ethical use of AI is already a hot topic and will continue to be with imminent regulations on the way. Any AI solution you deploy needs to have been built with an inherent understanding of this dynamic
As ML models age, they begin to drift and start to make the wrong conclusions. For example, ChatGPT3 only took in data through November of 2021, meaning it couldn’t make sense of any events that occurred after that date.
Enterprise AI solutions must be optimized for change over time to keep up with new and valuable data. In the world of finance, a model may have been trained to spot a specific regulation that changes along with new legislation.
A security vendor may train its model to spot a specific threat, but then a new attack vector comes along. How are those changes reflected to maintain accurate results over time? When buying an AI solution, ask the vendor how they keep their models up to date, and how they think about model drift in general.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Brian Heater
Category: Hardware
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/magic-leaps-original-headset-will-stop-working-at-the-end-of-2024/
Title: Magic Leap’s original headset will stop working at the end of 2024
Content: As a company, Magic Leap moved on from its first headset some time ago. Along with a new CEO came a major pivot. With the Magic Leap 2, the startup went all in on enterprise — a far safer and more lucrative bet than the fickle world of gaming.
Still, the Magic Leap 1 has continued to operate — good news for those who shelled $2,300 for the device when it finally arrived in the summer of 2018. At the end of next year, however, the augmented reality headset will effectively become a very expensive hunk of plastic and glass.
The well-funded firm alerted users via email that the system is being end-of-lifed when 2025 rolls around.
“[W]e are announcing that Magic Leap 1’s end-of-life date will be December 31, 2024. Magic Leap 1 is no longer available for purchase but will continue to be supported through December 31, 2024,” the company writes.
Shorter term, the product’s various communications are being shuttered. The Magic Leap 1 Developer Forum and Discord channels are both being shuttered at the end of the month, while the company recommends people shift their business to the Magic Leap 2 board instead. Troubleshooting support and warranty claims will continue to be honored through 2024.
More details are offered in an FAQ.
When that date rolls around, however, cloud services, apps and general functionality will all effectively brick. Perhaps we’ll see a homebrew community emerge, though the true number of devices out in the wild is hazy, at best. One report suggested that the headset had sold around 6,000 devices in its first year.
Much of that modest figure can be chalked up to pricing, along with the age-old issue of limited content. You can’t, however, blame the technology. If AR’s time ever truly comes, we can safely say that the Magic Leap 1 was ahead of it. And the device’s sequel continues to build on that success.
From my conversation with the company, it’s safe to say Magic Leap has no short-term ambitions to return to the consumer market. Maybe someday scale will bring the price down to a manageable level and enough developers will be entrenched in the ecosystem to offer something meaningful.
In the meantime, the ball is very much in Apple’s court with the Vision Pro. While the software giant’s spatial computing approach is fairly different than what Magic Leap had initially targeted, it’s fair to say the two share common DNA. This is also a relatively rare instance where Apple entering the category doesn’t suck the air out of the room for smaller competitors. If anything, the Vision Pro is a validation for AR’s true believers.
I will be discussing Magic Leap’s journey with CEO Peggy Johnson as part of the Disrupt Hardware Stage, later this month.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Lauren Simonds
Category: Startups
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/kyle-vogt-to-discuss-self-driving-cars-ai-investing-and-more-at-tc-disrupt-2023/
Title: Kyle Vogt to discuss self-driving cars, AI, investing and more at TC Disrupt 2023
Content: Cruise, the self-driving subsidiary of General Motors, has raised over $15 billion, employs more than 3,000 people and expanded its footprint across multiple cities within the U.S. It even has a presence in Dubai. What does it take to build and scale such complex technology?
We’re looking forward to discussing that and more with Kyle Vogt — CEO, CTO, president and co-founder of Cruise and co-founder of Twitch — when he joins us September 20 on the Disrupt Stage during TechCrunch Disrupt 2023, which runs September 19–20 in San Francisco.
In a session called “The Robotaxi Revolution,” Vogt will share his unique perspective on how self-driving vehicles blend robotics, AI and urban mobility in unprecedented ways. As a serial founder, Vogt can speak to the awkward stages of growing a startup — being acquired and scaling.
We’re interested to hear more about Cruise’s robotaxi strategy. With the recent addition of Seattle and Washington, DC, the company is either mapping, testing or deploying its self-driving cars in 15 cities.
Building and deploying a technology as complex as driverless vehicles comes with many challenges. The latest cropped up last month when, following a crash, San Francisco regulators told Cruise to cut its robotaxi fleet by 50%. This occurred just one week after Cruise secured permits to expand its services across San Francisco 24 hours a day, seven days a week. We hope to hear Vogt’s thoughts on that development.
We’re also interested in Vogt’s insights as an investor, and he’s keen to discuss where he’s investing. According to Crunchbase, he’s made 38 investments (with six exits), including BetterBrand, ShareWell, X1 and Foxglove, to name just a few.
Don’t miss what’s sure to be a fascinating discussion with an iconic tech game-changer on the future of transportation and startup investing.
Kyle Vogt’s company, Cruise, is backed by heavy hitters like GM, Honda, Microsoft and Walmart. An engineer at heart, Vogt has more than a decade of experience designing and deploying large-scale distributed systems, infrastructure, and complex robots that serve hundreds of millions of users. Before Cruise, Vogt co-founded Twitch, which Amazon acquired for over $1 billion.
TechCrunch Disrupt 2023 takes place on September 19–21 in San Francisco. Buy your pass now and save $400 before prices go up September 15.
Is your company interested in sponsoring or exhibiting at TechCrunch Disrupt 2023? Contact our sponsorship sales team by filling out this form.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Christine Hall
Category: Commerce
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/e-commerce-acquirer-benitago-files-for-bankruptcy/
Title: E-commerce acquirer Benitago files for bankruptcy
Content: Benitago Group, an Amazon e-commerce business acquirer, filed for bankruptcy this week. The move comes after the New York-based company raised $380 million in equity and debt in the past two years.
According to the filing, the company sought protection from creditors in the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan, listing both assets and liabilities ranging from $50 million to $100 million.
The company was founded by Benedict Dohmen and Santiago Nestares in 2016. TechCrunch initially profiled the company in March 2021 when it raised $55 million in both equity and debt to fund acquisitions of brands built to sell on Amazon’s marketplace.
Later in 2021, the company raised again, this time a whopping $325 million in Series A equity and debt, led by CoVenture, to, among other things, develop an M&A arm of the company.
However, in November 2022, Dohmen told TechCrunch that despite some rumors to the contrary, the company was still in business, though it had to lay off 14% of its staff. The cuts were made primarily in that M&A arm.
Benitago had about $7.5 million in cash at the time of the filing; Nestares said as part of the bankruptcy filing that “consumer preferences shifted during the later stages of the pandemic when lockdowns ended,” according to The Wall Street Journal.
Indeed, in 2021, the e-commerce roll-up, or aggregator, market was growing rapidly and companies joined Benitago in raking in large amounts of venture capital to continue that aggressive momentum.
That said, e-commerce growth has been relatively flat these days. And that aggressive acquisition of third-party e-commerce brands? It has slowed down. There’s even been some consolidation within the aggregator sector. And few of these kinds of companies saw venture capital come their way in recent months.
Meanwhile, Benitago has plans to restructure its debt and potentially sell off some parts of its business in bankruptcy. The court filing listed entities, including intellectual property rights to 15 brands that sell over 300 products, including health supplements, office products and beauty products.
Benitago Group exec confirms it didn’t close, but did lay off some employees



Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Haje Jan Kamps
Category: Fundraising
Type: This is a Premium Article, and therefore only displays the first part of the article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/sample-pre-seed-pitch-deck-tanbii/
Title: Pitch Deck Teardown: Tanbii’s $1.5M pre-seed deck
Content: About a year ago, I tore down a pitch deck by Mi Terro, founded by Robert Luo. Guess who’s back with another company? Luo has raised $1.5 million for Tanbii from a Hong Kong family office.
In general, I would be suspicious of a founder raising money for a second startup less than a year after they got funded for another. I’m eager to see how that’s been addressed in the Tanbii deck.
As for Mi Terro? It’s still going: “Mi Terro is doing amazingly well. We gained a lot of great traction and plan to raise another round later this year,” Luo told me in an email.
Of course, this puts me in an exciting situation: I get to look back at what I said could be improved in Mi Terro’s pitch deck (market sizing, traction, and the absence of a competition slide) last year and see how the founder has addressed these issues for his new company.
We’re looking for more unique pitch decks to tear down, so if you want to submit your own, here’s how you can do that. 
Right out of the box, I love that the company’s founder is staying in the same industry (carbon reduction) as his previous company. It makes it easy to accept the narrative that while building one company, he saw an opportunity for another.
On slide 2, the company comes out of the gate with a clear problem: consumer carbon emissions.
[Slide 2] Problem slide. Image Credits: TanbiiTanbii is presuming that people care about their own personal CO2 emissions, and it seems that’s not a bad call: A large survey and research study from Yale shows that 65% of people believe that citizens should do more to address global warming. On the other hand, only 35% of respondents discuss global warming from time to time. The survey didn’t ask whether people are struggling to find ways to make an impact.
Most people agree that reducing CO2 is a good idea, even though it seems many of us are feeling pretty powerless, which is the problem space Tanbii is buzzing into.
[Slide 17] That’s a hell of an advisory board. Image Credits: TanbiiOn its very last content slide, Tanbii drops a bomb: It’s got an incredible advisory board full of people who seem pretty relevant to the company’s overall mission and vision.
I’m often pretty skeptical of advisory boards, and if I were considering investing, I’d pick up the phone and contact some of these folks to see how closely they are working with Tanbii. I’m not saying this is the case here, but I’ve often had reference calls with advisory board members who go, “Wait, who?” and have literally no idea who the founder is or what the company does. So if you put someone on a slide, make sure they know and are prepared to receive a call out of the blue.
A quick LinkedIn search shows that Bulteel lists being an adviser to Mi Terro, but none of the other advisers advertise their association with Tanbii. I also discovered that there were a bunch of little mistakes on this slide: “Davids” should be “David” and “Warshauser” should be “Warshauer.” The next step would definitely be a call or two to find out what’s going on here.
Assuming that’s all in order, yes, this is a hell of an advisory board.
I gave the founder grief for the lack of a competition slide in the previous deck. Luckily, Tanbii’s deck has one!
[Slide 13] Competitors! Image Credits: TanbiiThere’s no shortage of carbon management platforms, and a good and helpful comparison between them is table stakes for a deck like this. I’ll definitely give Tanbii some side-eye for using “Web5” as an advantage, but I do love a good comparison chart and this one is easy to read and understand. It’s a good way to communicate what’s happening in your market.
In the rest of this teardown, we’ll take a look at three things Tanbii could have improved or done differently, along with its full pitch deck!
 


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Sarah Perez
Category: Apps
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/inalifes-digital-legacy-platform-lets-your-preserve-your-familys-memories/
Title: Inalife’s digital legacy platform lets you preserve your family’s memories
Content: A new startup, Inalife, has created a digital legacy platform that aims to help families preserve their precious memories, create an interactive family tree and even record messages for other members to be played at a date in the future — like when a new baby grows up and reaches adulthood, for example.
The Hong Kong-based company launched its desktop app in July, which attracted a few hundred users, but it now is hoping to gain more traction with the upcoming releases of its mobile apps for iOS and Android, due next week.
Inalife founder and CEO Nicholas Worley said he was inspired to create Inalife after losing members of his own family and realized he wished he had known more about their histories.
“The initial idea happened after my paternal grandfather passed away in 1999 from prostate cancer and my maternal grandmother the same year from Alzheimer’s,” Worley told TechCrunch. “After they passed away I had a dream where I saw them but they were my age,16, and when I woke up I realized I didn’t know anything about them aside from them being my grandparents. This included what they were like at my age, what they sounded like when they were young, or what their stories were — and that just made me incredibly sad,” he continues.
“I wanted to come up with a way to preserve our families’ memories at that point and I kept thinking about it over time,” he says.
The idea simmered until later after he became a parent himself with the birth of his son in 2019 which encouraged Worley to move forward with the idea. And after the birth of his twin sons in 2021 and the loss of his mother-in-law the following year, he created a plan to launch the business to help others also preserve their digital legacies.

To use Inalife, users can sign up for free, which offers them a “memory allowance” of 100MB of storage. They create their profile where they add information about themselves and add library albums filled with things like photos, videos, audio files and even documents. To add more data or create sub-accounts, users will need to upgrade to a paid subscription plan. These start at $5.99 per month for 5GB and range up to 30GB for $19.99 per month. Additional storage can also be added at a rate of $1.99 per 1GB.
After setting up your account, you then connect with other family members by adding them to your family tree. Each member receives an invite and can specify how they’re related. After joining, they can also browse the family tree and learn more about the other members of the family, as well as add their own albums and profile information. Sub-accounts can also be created for family members who have passed away or those who are too young to create their own profiles. (Kids can gain control of their profile through a transfer process when they’re older.)
In addition, users can send family members messages for others to listen to at a later date.
“The time-delayed messages are a novel way of preserving time capsule memories so loved ones can receive them at a specified date in the future,” explains Worley.
Users can also specify someone to manage their account in case anything happens to them.
Worley says this personal family data isn’t shared with third parties and the apps are ad-free because they’re paid for by subscriptions.
With the launch of the mobile apps planned for September 5, the founder’s goal is to reach a broader market.
“With almost 7 billion people using smartphones globally and with our most cherished photos and memories stored on them, launching the app versions of Inalife was the next stage of our plan to help bring families closer together and let them connect across generations,” said Worley, in an announcement. “As we continue to increase our subscriber base, we are excited by the prospects for the company and are focused on providing customers with an authentic and valuable family experience while educating users around the world to the importance of preserving their digital legacies,” he added.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Alex Wilhelm, 					Mary Ann Azevedo, 					Theresa Loconsolo
Category: AI
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/whats-the-opposite-of-a-lean-startup/
Title: What’s the opposite of a lean startup?
Content: 
Listen here or wherever you get your podcasts.
Hello and welcome back to Equity, a podcast about the business of startups, where we unpack the numbers and nuance behind the headlines.
This is our Friday show, and we’re talking about the week’s biggest startup and tech news. This week, Mary Ann and Alex ran as a duo, covering a wide swath of startup and technology news. Don’t forget that the Equity crew are opening this year’s TechCrunch Disrupt event, so snag a bagel and come hang in a few weeks!
Here’s the show rundown:
And that is us until next week. Due to an American holiday, Equity will kick off on Tuesday next week instead of Monday!
For episode transcripts and more, head to Equity’s Simplecast website.
Equity drops at 7 a.m. PT every Monday, Wednesday and Friday, so subscribe to us on Apple Podcasts, Overcast, Spotify and all the casts. TechCrunch also has a great show on crypto, a show that interviews founders and more!


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Carly Page, 					Zack Whittaker
Category: Security
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/lidl-recalls-paw-patrol-snacks-after-website-on-packaging-displayed-porn/
Title: Lidl recalls Paw Patrol snacks after website on packaging displayed porn
Content: Supermarket giant Lidl has issued a recall of Paw Patrol snacks after the website listed on the products’ packaging began displaying explicit content unsuitable for children.
Lidl, which operates more than 12,000 stores globally, is urging shoppers in the United Kingdom to return the snacks for a full refund.
Affected products include Paw Patrol Yummy Bakes and Paw Patrol Mini Biscotti, snacks recommended for children aged two and above. Lidl’s recall notice [PDF] dated August 22 warns that the product’s packaging contains a web address that has been “compromised” to display content “not suitable for child consumption.”
“We recommend that customers refrain from viewing the URL and return this product to the nearest store where a full refund will be given,” Lidl states.
🚨 URGENT RECALL: Four types of Paw Patrol snacks are being recalled by Lidl after a website URL listed on the back of the packaging was compromised with explicit content unsuitable for children.
Customers should return the products to their nearest Lidl store for a full refund. pic.twitter.com/oppTlo2jsm
— Which? (@WhichUK) September 1, 2023

Lidl did not say how or why the website was allegedly compromised, but TechCrunch’s findings suggest that the web domain on the packaging had lapsed.
At the time of writing, the desktop website — appykidsco.com — loads either a blank page with a message in Chinese containing search engine keywords or an error message. But when the website is opened from a device with a smaller screen, such as a phone, the website displays as a holding page with numerous ads containing animated explicit and pornographic images.
It’s not uncommon for web hosts to display ads as an additional source of revenue for domains that are empty or left to expire.
A screenshot showing the Appy Kids Co. website displaying porn on an Android display. Image Credits: Zack Whittaker / TechCrunch
It’s not known exactly how long the website was redirecting visitors to the explicit page, but Lidl’s notice states that “all stock” is affected.
Public internet records show the domain is registered to a person located in Lianyungang, China.
An archived version of the website shows that the website previously belonged to the manufacturer of the Paw Patrol products, a sub-brand of Appy Food & Drinks named Appy Kids Co.
Information listed on the Companies House website shows that Appy Food and Drinks was dissolved in June 2022.
Read more on TechCrunch:


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Kate Park
Category: Robotics
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/korean-internet-giant-naver-explores-robotics-ai-and-autonomous-driving/
Title: Korean internet giant Naver explores robotics, AI and autonomous driving
Content: In July last year, Naver, maker of the search engine known as the “Google of South Korea,” opened its new second headquarters, Naver 1784. The building’s name refers to a year commonly associated with the Industrial Revolution. Inside you’ll find a testament to automation’s growing global influence, in the form of 100 autonomous robots. 
The robots, called Rookies, weave in and out between people and deliver parcels, coffee and lunch to Naver’s employees, all using 5G. They even have their own robots-only elevator, Roboport. Naver Labs, the company’s R&D division, launched using the new headquarters as a test bed for the Rookies. This November, it will arrange the robots in its new data center, Gak Sejong, in South Korea.
Image Credits: Naver
I visited the site last year, to see the robots firsthand. Rookies navigate through every inch of the headquarters, while robot arms drew pictures. Naver already owns a raft of subsidiaries, offering services like e-commerce, messaging, payments, digital comics, cloud and metaverse. And, just last week, the company launched its generative AI services built on its large language model HyperClova X, joining the generative AI space race. 
Does the internet giant want to broaden robotics, artificial intelligence, and autonomous driving technology beyond its existing businesses to drive its future growth? When asked about its ongoing projects, Naver says it has been working on a handful of projects on robots, autonomous driving technology and AI, via its R&D division since 2013. Six years ago, it acquired Xerox Research Centre Europe (XRCE) in Grenoble, France, which specializes in researching AI, machine learning, computer vision and natural language processing, to bolster its research and development. Post-acquisition, XRCE became Naver Labs.
The company believes people living in such innovative environments will benefit from the Naver Labs projects — including robots — in the not-too-distant future. The internet search engine wants to take part in the new kind of platform, robots, which it believes could replace mobile phones one day. 
Naver Labs‘ research is aimed at five spaces: robotics (Around, Around G and Ambidex), AI (ARC System), digital twins (Alike and Hybrid HD mapping), computer vision/augmented reality (Indoor AR Navigation and Ahead) and autonomous driving technology.  
At Naver’s AI conference last week, TechCrunch sat down with the director of Science at Naver Labs Europe (NLE), Martin Humenberger, to learn about Naver Labs’ mission and ongoing projects. 
“Our long-term vision is creating useful robots in everyday lives,” Humenberger tells TechCrunch. “This includes robot assistants at home, hospitals, museums, shopping malls, airports, etc. More short-term, we focus on last-mile delivery applications in smart cities and buildings.” 
Most of its long-term projects haven’t been commercialized yet. Still, its ongoing research and latest technology are continuously applied to improve the performance of Naver’s robots, Rookies, at the 1784 building and the data center, Gak. In addition, it provides a robot as a service (RaaS) to the Naver Cloud platform, Humenberger adds.
One example of RaaS is the ARC system powered by the Naver Cloud Platform. ARC, an intelligence system for robots, enables Naver’s Rookies to see, recognize and operate. ARC isn’t just a control system for robots. It is the robots’ eye and brain, which means Rookies don’t require GPS access; instead, the ARC eye helps them recognize their surroundings, while providing the most efficient route. That’s according to Vision Group leader at Naver Labs Korea, Donghwan Lee, who leads the ARC eye project. ARC Brain, meanwhile, connects service infrastructure in real time and updates data and algorithms in the cloud for robots. Rookies at the 1784 building don’t need a built-in operating system thanks to their cloud connectivity that powers the ARC system, which controls the robots, Lee added. Naver says the ARC system can reduce the robot’s manufacturing cost and battery consumption by moving tasks robots have to treat to the cloud. 
Image Credits: Naver
Both Naver Labs in South Korea and France have some clear mutual goals, but others run in parallel, says Humenberger. The collaboration is based on information and progress sharing until they define joint objectives.
While Naver Labs Europe (NLE) focuses its research on “the fundamentals of AI and how to overcome current and future challenges in AI,” Naver Labs Korea (NLK) researches and develops robotics, systems engineering and platform engineering and operations, he adds.
The primary research area of NLE is the AI technology for robotics. NLE is developing “computer vision methods for next-generation robot perception,” which helps robots understand the environment better, and “new methods for sequential decision making and combinational optimization, which enables the robots to navigate in unknown environments or to perform complex manipulation tasks,” Humenberger explains. NLE is also building a technology that allows efficient interaction between robots and humans via language.
Image Credits: Naver Labs/ Martin Humenberger, director of Science at Naver Labs Europe
To make Naver’s robots versatile assistants, NLE advances AI-powered computer vision, machine learning for robotics and natural language processes. 
“It is true that we count a lot on AI-powered computer vision to better understand the world (semantics and geometry), reinforcement learning to teach robots to execute tasks, and natural language processing and information retrieval to make knowledge (text, images, videos, etc.) accessible to our robots,” Humenberger tells TechCrunch.
He gives an example of a concrete research activity related to foundation models for the real world, CroCo. CroCo is a foundation model for 3D in one image. “It is designed to understand the world in 3D using images,” Humenberger said, adding that it’s not for generative AI or large language models but for robotics and digital twins. “At Naver Labs, we use CroCo as an advanced robot perception module for tasks such as localization, navigation, and interaction between human and robot.”
“We have a massive test bed where we can develop and operate robots in the real world, highly skilled engineers and researchers, and powerful cloud infrastructure,” Humenberger explains. “It is quite difficult to secure even one of these conditions, and it is safe to say Naver is the sole company that is equipped with all of them.”
NLE has more than 100 researchers and scientists in the fields of AI, ranging from core machine learning to UX, according to Humenberger. Naver Labs did not disclose the number of staff in Korea due to confidentiality issues.
South Korean tech behemoths, such as Samsung, LG, Hyundai and Doosan, are working in the pipeline of robotics development, from industrial robots to cooking, serving, and delivery robots, and ploughing capital into the robotics space. Earlier this year, Samsung said it plans to roll out an EX1 robot to assist elders in exercising, and its research division is developing a Samsung robot platform. Doosan Robotics, a robotics unit of the Korean manufacturing firm Doosan, has filed for an initial public offering, according to its filing. 
Rice Robotics picks up $7M, powers SoftBank’s office delivery

SoftBank Robotics Europe is now Aldebaran (again)

 
Want the top robotics news in your inbox each week? Sign up for Actuator here.


Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Carly Page, 					Zack Whittaker
Category: Security
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/fbi-qakbot-takedown-operation-duck-hunt/
Title: How the FBI took down the notorious Qakbot botnet
Content: A global law enforcement operation this week took down and dismantled the notorious Qakbot botnet, touted as the largest U.S.-led financial and technical disruption of a botnet infrastructure.
Qakbot is a banking trojan that became infamous for providing an initial foothold on a victim’s network for other hackers to buy access and deliver their own malware, such as ransomware. U.S. officials said Qakbot has helped to facilitate more than 40 ransomware attacks over the past 18 months alone, generating $58 million in ransom payments.
The law enforcement operation, named “Operation Duck Hunt,” saw the FBI and its international partners seize Qakbot’s infrastructure located in the United States and across Europe. The U.S. Department of Justice, which ran the operation alongside the FBI, also announced the seizure of more than $8.6 million in cryptocurrency from the Qakbot cybercriminal organization, which will soon be made available to victims.
In Tuesday’s announcement, the FBI said it carried out an operation that redirected the botnet’s network traffic to servers under the U.S. government’s control, allowing the feds to take control of the botnet. With this access, the FBI used the botnet to instruct Qakbot-infected machines around the world into downloading an FBI-built uninstaller that untethered the victim’s computer from the botnet, preventing further installation of malware through Qakbot.
The FBI said its operation had identified approximately 700,000 devices infected with Qakbot as of June — including more than 200,000 located in the United States. During a call with reporters, a senior FBI official said that the total number of Qakbot victims is likely in the “millions.”
Here’s how Operation Duck Hunt went down.
According to the application for the operation’s seizure warrant, the FBI identified and gained access to the servers running the Qakbot botnet infrastructure hosted by an unnamed web hosting company, including systems used by the Qakbot administrators. The FBI also asked the court to require the web host to secretly produce a copy of the servers to prevent the host from notifying its customers, the Qakbot administrators.
Some of the systems the FBI got access to include the Qakbot’s stack of virtual machines for testing their malware samples against popular antivirus engines, and Qakbot’s servers for running phishing campaigns named after former U.S. presidents, knowing well that political-themed emails are likely to get opened. The FBI said it was also able to identify Qakbot wallets that contained crypto stolen by Qakbot’s administrators.
“Through its investigation, the FBI has gained a comprehensive understanding of the structure and function of the Qakbot botnet,” the application reads, describing its plan for the botnet takedown. “Based on that knowledge, the FBI has developed a means to identify infected computers, collect information from them about the infection, disconnect them from the Qakbot botnet and prevent the Qakbot administrators from further communicating with those infected computers.”
Qakbot uses a network of tiered systems — described as Tier 1, Tier 2 and Tier 3 — to control the malware installed on infected computers around the world, according to the FBI and findings by U.S. cybersecurity agency CISA.
The FBI said that Tier 1 systems are ordinary home or business computers — many of which were located in the United States — infected with Qakbot that also have an additional “supernode” module, which makes them part of the botnet’s international control infrastructure. Tier 1 computers communicate with Tier 2 systems, which serve as a proxy for network traffic to conceal the main Tier 3 command and control server, which the administrators use to issue encrypted commands to its hundreds of thousands of infected machines.
With access to these systems and with knowledge of Qakbot’s encryption keys, the FBI said it could decode and understand Qakbot’s encrypted commands. Using those encryption keys, the FBI was able to instruct those Tier 1 “supernode” computers into swapping and replacing the supernode module with a new module developed by the FBI, which had new encryption keys that would lock out the Qakbot administrators from their own infrastructure.
According to an analysis of the takedown efforts from cybersecurity company Secureworks, the delivery of the FBI module began on August 25 at 7:27 p.m. in Washington, DC.
The FBI then sent commands instructing those Tier 1 computers to communicate instead with a server that the FBI controlled, rather than Qakbot’s Tier 2 servers. From there, the next time that a Qakbot-infected computer checked in with its servers — every one to four minutes or so — it would find itself seamlessly communicating with an FBI server instead.
After Qakbot-infected computers were funneled to the FBI’s server, the server instructed the computer to download an uninstaller that removes the Qakbot malware altogether. (The uninstaller file was uploaded to VirusTotal, an online malware and virus scanner run by Google.) This doesn’t delete or remediate any malware that Qakbot delivered, but would block and prevent another initial Qakbot infection.
The FBI said that its server “will be a dead end,” and that it “will not capture content from the infected computers,” except for the computer’s IP address and associated routing information so that the FBI can contact Qakbot victims.
“The Qakbot malicious code is being deleted from victim computers, preventing it from doing any more harm,” prosecutors said Tuesday.
This is the most recent operational takedown the FBI has carried out in recent years.
In 2021, the feds carried out the first-of-its-kind operation to remove backdoors planted by Chinese hackers on hacked Microsoft Exchange email servers. A year later, the FBI disrupted a massive botnet used by Russian spies to launch powerful and disruptive cyberattacks designed to knock networks offline, and, earlier this year, knocked another Russian botnet offline that had been operating since at least 2004.
How the FBI goes after DDoS cyberattackers



Date: Sep 01, 2023
Author: Ivan Mehta
Category: Apps
Type: This is a Free Article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/09/01/google-pulls-popular-but-controversial-live-video-chat-app-chamet-from-the-play-store/
Title: Google pulls popular but controversial live video chat app Chamet from the Play Store
Content: Google has removed popular but controversial live video chat app Chamet from the Play Store. The company confirmed the move to TechCrunch, saying that the app violated its user-generated content (UGC) policy.
The company didn’t provide a statement but pointed to its policy which says, “Apps whose primary purpose is featuring objectionable UGC will be removed from Google Play.” The app was pulled from the Play Store sometime last month.
Centered around live video streaming, Chamet provided an option to users to privately call the host of a stream with a payment. A report from the Economic Times suggests Chamet and other apps had many women streamers who were dancing to songs or just talking about their lives, which made them popular. Apart from video calls, users could also send gifts to these streamers through in-app payments.
Chamet tried to stray away from suggestive content by warning its users not to broadcast content related to “Pornography, violence, vulgarity, juveniles, and other related situations.” However, the app was full of suggestive content and ads.
Last month, YouTuber Caleb Friesen tweeted a long thread about Chamet’s sketchy ownership practices — starting with the company’s bare-bones website with little information.
The #1 grossing app in the Indian app store disappeared this week. The secretive Chinese company behind it operated an 18+ UGC camgirl empire with impunity between 2020 and 2023. India was their most lucrative market. Here’s what I found at the bottom of the Chamet rabbit hole 🧵 pic.twitter.com/fZt5lMHszI
— Caleb Friesen (@caleb_friesen2) August 27, 2023

Chamet was on the top charts in several Play Store categories as a top-grossing app. And there is data to back it up. Users in India spent more than $13.4 million on Chamet between January-July, according to the data shared with TechCrunch by analytics firm Data.ai. It added that people in India spent $15.4 million on Chamet last year, with lifetime spending totaling up to $38 million. The app garnered more than 26 million lifetime downloads in the country.
The firm’s data suggested that while Chamet was a top-grossing app, other apps in the live video chat category such as Azar, LiveU and Honeycam Chat have raked in millions. Overall, users in India spent more than $46 million last year on this category of apps — more than another high-spending category of dating, which saw an annual spend of $42.2 million.
Google didn’t specify if it plans to take similar action on other live video chat apps.


Date: Aug 31, 2023
Author: Walter Thompson
Category: Investor Surveys
Type: This is a Premium Article, and therefore only displays the first part of the article.
Link: https://techcrunch.com/2023/08/31/august-2023-how-to-pitch-15-early-stage-investors/
Title: How to pitch me: 15 investors talk about what they’re looking for in August 2023
Content: Summer 2023 has been the hottest one on record since 1880, but while early-stage founders were sweating over the order of the slides in their pitch decks, many of the investors they hoped to connect with were playing pickleball in Jackson Hole or relaxing poolside with cocktails in Palm Springs.
August is one of the slowest months in venture capital, which is why now is such a good time for fundraising founders to ramp up their outreach efforts.
“People tend to be out of the office longer than usual this time of year,” says Kittu Kolluri, founder and managing director of Neotribe Ventures. “I suggest reaching out right before Labor Day to set up a meeting in September or wait and start your outreach altogether next month.”
 

			August is one of the slowest months in venture capital, which is why now is such a good time for fundraising founders to ramp up their outreach.					


With that in mind, here’s the latest edition of “How to Pitch Me,” a recurring column that gathers tips, insights and strategies from early-stage investors who are interested in making deals.
There’s a lot of actionable advice in here: If you’re wondering how much previous experience with AI investors are looking for, which questions to ask once you’re in the room, or just need a level set on CEO salaries, please read. These responses have been edited for space and clarity.
Thanks very much to everyone who participated:
What kinds of investment opportunities are you looking for right now?
We are looking for teams of uniquely qualified founders who, through their diverse experiences, cultures, identities, and training have a distinct advantage in building world-changing healthcare companies. Our sector and stage focus include digital health and techbio companies who are at seed or pre-seed stage.
How do you prefer to be approached: a cold email, a warm intro, or another method? 
As an effort to break down barriers that have historically excluded far too many entrepreneurs from venture investment, we encourage entrepreneurs to reach out to us via our online submission form, without requiring a warm introduction.
We seem to be in a generative AI hype cycle: Where’s the bar set in terms of expertise/experience with AI, and how much domain expertise do you need on the team?
In healthcare, you need domain expertise on the team no matter how strong you are at AI. The complexities of the stakeholders, processes, and regulations involved are too high for “normal tech disruption” to work as you might see in sectors that aren’t as conservative.
For care-delivery startups, we like to see clinicians either as part of the founding team or with a committed role as an advisor.
In August 2023, what are some of the top questions founders need to ask investors?
What’s a traditional pitch tactic that no longer works but is still a common practice?
Less a pitch tactic, perhaps a business strategy: asking for too much money with little to no traction. The bar is higher now.
Are you open to reviewing pitch memos, or do you prefer a completed deck?
We are open to reviewing any supporting documents as long as they tell your story and the business’ potential well.
Tell us about the best pitch you’ve received recently: At what point did you realize you were going to invest?
A recent great pitch we saw came from a founder who was very obviously deeply knowledgeable about the problem they were solving, and the thinking behind a few different strategies they’d possibly take along with their trade-offs.
We realized we wanted to invest when we saw the perfect combination of a founder we were highly confident in, building in a white space with lots of room to grow, and with solid paths to market that they could pivot between if needed.
What are you reading/watching/listening to right now?
Full TechCrunch+ articles are only available to members
Use discount code TCPLUSROUNDUP to save 20% off a one- or two-year subscription
What kinds of investment opportunities are you looking for right now?
We exclusively invest in B2B companies in Latin America. We predominantly invest in B2B companies in pre-seed stage and seed-stage companies, usually becoming the first institutional check into the business. We also invest at the Series A stage, although a little less frequently. Our typical check size for seed rounds ranges from $500,000 to $3 million USD and we like to lead or co-lead rounds.
As a sector-specific and thesis-driven fund, we concentrate on cloud and SaaS, e-commerce enablers, fintech, B2B marketplaces, and AI and data-driven businesses.
How do you prefer to be approached: a cold email, a warm intro, or another method?
While we are open to cold emails, warm introductions through our network generally stand out more. It demonstrates that the founder has done their homework and has already begun networking in the industry.
If you’re comfortable doing so, please share your contact info.
You can get in touch with me on Twitter @marta_cruz and for more formal interactions, our website provides a point of contact.
We seem to be in a generative AI hype cycle: Where’s the bar set in terms of expertise/experience with AI, and how much domain expertise do you need on the team?
For nontechnical founders or those not primarily in the AI space, we emphasize deep domain expertise and the ability to attract and manage a solid technical team, where the ideal combined experience could include machine learning experts, data scientists, software engineers, ethics, and policy specialists.
We must keep in mind that AI is a collaborative effort and that diversity of knowledge often leads to more successful and innovative results. Therefore, a competent AI team must demonstrate leadership skills, a comprehensive understanding of customer needs, and a clear vision, just like in all teams of entrepreneurs, regardless of the technology they use.
Are you open to reviewing pitch memos, or do you prefer a completed deck?
We are open to reviewing both pitch memos and completed decks. The key is to clearly and succinctly communicate the business’s value proposition, market opportunity, roadmap for growth, and, of course, the founder team information and what the startup is looking for.
What are you reading/watching/listening to right now?
Two books at the same time:
What kinds of investment opportunities are you looking for in August 2023? 
We have spent a significant amount of time this year understanding where startups can capture the most value and have come up with a few areas where we are excited to invest, most notably in verticalized applications of generative AI and in middleware (tooling and infrastructure) that supports the development of new AI applications.
These two investment theses work in concert with one another, as any company that ingests proprietary data from its verticalized application will need tooling to orchestrate and optimize this data so it can continue to create specialized workflows for its end users. We are looking forward to seeing this new trend continue to evolve.
How do you prefer to be approached: a cold email, a warm intro, or another method?
We want to speak to the best and brightest founders, regardless of whether the introduction came from someone within our network or from cold outreach. With that being said, a warm introduction can help us cut through some of the noise, as we receive dozens of pitches each day.
If you’re comfortable doing so, please share your contact info.
info@struckcapital.com
We seem to be in a generative AI hype cycle: Where’s the bar set in terms of expertise/experience with AI, and how much domain expertise do you need on the team?
While a founder with deep domain expertise through decades of working in AI and ML is certainly compelling, we don’t want to exclude ourselves from working with founders earlier in their professional journey.
With the latter founder archetype, we would look to understand their genuine interest and depth of understanding of the technical advancements in the space.
Generally speaking, how much salary should the founder of a pre-revenue startup in a Tier 1 city pay themselves?
We typically categorize companies by funding raised, rather than by whether they are generating revenue or not, as some businesses are inherently more capital intensive than others. For the SaaS businesses that we primarily invest in, this means they will have likely raised under $2 million. We like being as data-driven as possible and will use Pave to benchmark salary recommendations.
In August 2023, what are some of the top questions founders need to ask investors?
You are increasingly starting to see more startups not able to reach their next set of milestones as quickly as they hoped, and consequently not able to raise a next round of financing. It’s important for founders to understand how VCs have handled these interactions previously.
It’s easy for a VC to be highly supportive and go the extra mile for their fastest-growing companies in their portfolio; however, what’s more indicative of their future behavior is how they support companies experiencing more hardship. Look to speak with a founder in their portfolio who “failed,” or ask if the VC has a strategy around continued financial support in between funding rounds.
What’s a traditional pitch tactic that no longer works but is still a common practice?
We still encounter pitches that revolve around founders preferring to present their entire pitch deck and take questions at the end. We much prefer an engaging back-and-forth discussion around specific questions we are interested in learning more about.
A discussion results in much deeper insights from a founder, which can be extremely helpful in deciding if we want to dig into further diligence. For founders, a discussion-based approach can be more beneficial too, as it lets them understand exactly what investors want to learn more about in a more thoughtful manner. These insights can be helpful as the founder goes through their fundraising process, as they can tailor their pitches to inoculate against specific risks.
Are you open to reviewing pitch memos, or do you prefer a completed deck?
Typically, we prefer a completed deck, as this lets us be as prepared as possible for an introductory conversation with a founding team.
Tell us about the best pitch you’ve received recently: At what point in their presentation did you realize you were going to invest?
We prefer to run diligence processes that stretch across a multitude of conversations, with each discussion compounding upon one another, as we and the founding team become increasingly excited about partnering.
It’s difficult to pinpoint an exact moment, but we had the privilege of hosting the founding team of our most recent investment at our office in Santa Monica. The team really impressed us with their large vision and execution to date as well as the mission-driven ethos of their product. We are always excited to back revolutionary founders building for the right reasons.
What are you reading/watching/listening to? 
I’m currently reading “Four Thousand Weeks: Time Management for Mortals” by Oliver Burkeman and finished watching “The Diplomat” [on Netflix]. I recommend both!
Full TechCrunch+ articles are only available to members
Use discount code TCPLUSROUNDUP to save 20% off a one- or two-year subscription
Are you open to reviewing pitch memos, or do you prefer a completed deck?
I have made investments in founders who used both of these approaches, although I find that there is no good substitute for a founder walking me through the narrative of their company backed by a completed deck. For the initial request for a meeting, however, I’m very happy to receive either a well-written memo or a deck.
In August 2023, what are some of the top questions founders need to ask investors?
Founders are well advised to be cautious when including angel investors who are new to investing. Most seasoned angel investors know what their model is and realize that most companies do not return capital. It can be incredibly distracting and difficult to deal with small investors who have unrealistic demands on a startup, especially when the company hits the inevitable challenges with product, distribution, and financing.
For institutional investors, it is critical to understand what the model for the firm (and the fund) is, as well as how those investors behave as board members and partners in building the business. Investors come with many different backgrounds, styles, and areas of expertise.
Raising capital at early stages is a hiring decision, not a financing decision. Trust is critical. A bad investor is difficult to deal with, but a bad institutional investor can kill the company.
What kind of investment opportunities are you looking for in August 2023?
In fintech, I’m looking for three things:
How do you prefer to be approached by a founder with their initial pitch: a cold email, a warm intro or another method? 
